# NSP
National  School Feeding Program is a system that has entities (school, pupils, cooks and aggregators), the school entity is the list of all the public schools in a state that the federal admin will be feeding, pupils entity are the pupils in each school that will be taking the meal, cooks entity are people to prepare the meal while aggregators entity are the people which will be agggregating for the cooks. The system will generate payment for each cook based on their performance and also the aggregators, a cook/aggregator can be suspended on the system. Also National  School Feeding Program is an application for the federal government of Nigeria whereby the government want to feed the pupils in public schools in the country. The application is to enable them to track the progress of the program. The application has one federal admin and mutiple state admin (assigning roles to users per state), the federal admin is the super admin which can perform any operation on the system, the role of the federal admin includes: creating a user and assigning role (state to handle) to them, federal admin can edit user, suspend user, change users login details, approve any operations from the user, get the payment details, download payment and can perform any operations onbehalf of any state admin. The role of the state admin includes: creating of schools, pupils, cooks and aggregator, state admin can edit their information, state admin can suspend a cook/aggregator. State admin can create a news blog but will need federal admin approve before the news can be publish. State admin can make payment for all cooks and aggregators by inputing the start date, end date, payment month, state, then the system can generate the payment by adding other attributes which was included when when adding the entity.
